she leaves but she's not gone. she's in my head, my phone, in texts that she sends me.

i'm alone in my room, with my thoughts, and our day, but she's here too.

I can feel her here, I'm thinking of her.

attachment, has never been easy for me. but she is there. even when she isn't. and when she isn't she will be. and when she isn't she wants to be. 

when i see her again it feels like time unpauses and when i see her go, I feel time go on. it's never enough time, the time I get with her, but then soon, I get more time, and I see her again, and I laugh, and look at her, and touch her hands in mine. And it's never enough time.

she hasn't told me her renditions of that christmas song about the gifts you get on each day. she said she made so many versions and pinned them all up above her desk to admire. 

there are times we spend together and the time never feels spent. The time flows by unnoticibly until the time is checked or a meeting must start and then, the realization hits. Time _does_ pass, and the sun _does_ sink and eventually the sunsets turn into night. The crickets come out, and the night is quiet until the sun rises up into the sky again. 

but there she is.

there. looking at me, talking to me, laughing with me, holding my hand, breathing me in. 

it feels like she's always been there. it feels like i've always been partnered. her air fills out mine and time goes on.

sometimes the things that she says are the things that im thinking. sometimes it feels like i'm thinking aloud. i say whats on my mind and what she says becomes thoughts that return to me. less sharp than my usual self-responses. definitely more sober, more forgiving, more caring. less assuming, more curious, more accepting, more kind. 

and there she is.

i am not her burden to bear. or something she must take care of. i stand beside her: listening, responding, acknowledging, asking and she does the same for me. 

how would i describe her to someone else?

it's difficult to answer, even though i've done it a handful of times now. she doesn't always feel _apart_ from me and I don't really think it's easy to seperate her from my feelings about her. 

who is she?

she's ria. she's kind, and thoughtful, and asks interesting questions. she listens to me patiently as I lose my mind over game systems or life and she holds me gently with care because she values me. She's someone who values **me**. she's not the only one, there's a huge assortment of people that feel the same way, but her responses to **me**, who i am, has always felt 1 to 1. i don't feel she is looking beyond me. i don't feel she is avoiding my gaze. she looks Right at me, sees me for what i am (even if it's not the full picture) and she sees me. 

Getting to know each other has just felt like seeing each other's many sides. Seeing it, studying it, acknowledging it, memorizing it. I hold every side in my hand with such care. i hold them besides each other and see how they compare and fit and don't fit. i like to look at them as a whole and as seperate parts. i like arranging them, and rearranging them. sometimes they come together nicely, but most of the time they don't. we are all a product of puzzle pieces that continue to grow on top of each other. our puzzle pieces are tectonic plates. we make space for ourselves to grow and smooth over the parts of ourselves we don't need anymore.

there's a part of me that i've needed less and less since meeting ria. it's a dark fear, that doesn't want to be seen or confronted. it's scared to unfurl, scared of what it could be made of. it's kept me safe. kept me from hurting myself, kept me from hurting others, kept me in line and behave, kept me afraid of myself. Lately, it's become something different. something lighter, acknowledged, softer. i'm starting to know what it's made of and it's the same as everyone elses. there's nothing special or less lovable about it. it's just a darkness most people have. my darkness isn't me and it isn't in control of me either but when it is that's okay too. I'm not alone in the darkness, no one ever is. knowing im not alone makes it easy to look at, to see for what it is and know it does not make me unlovable.

so there she is. seeing me. with a softness I'm trying to learn from. With a patience and kindness I'm trying to see myself with. but it gets easier, maybe, easier to believe. 
