technically its december 31st as i write this.

It'd been quite a year. Or even a wild 6 months. Couple weeks ago I got laid off at Filament. Along with 11 other folks. Ria and I recently hit our 5 month anniversary which feels smaller than the actual time has felt. I think we'll probably move in together when the lease cycle ends. I had a first time (and knock on wood -- last time) seizure near the end of august. I moved out of 7 Richard because me and my roommate couldnt get along and the hassle of slipping out of the lease was such a hell on my psyche. I had a real bad flair up of eczema that kept me up for months but since getting the news of the layoff it kinda instantly cleared up. Mary's dog Mac attacked Fluffy and that was scary but i think that old lady is pretty much back to normal. 

Mom and I have had a rough year too. I was so scared to go home for Thanksgiving that I forgot how normal and chill it is to visit virginia. The new problem, when all the stress and random arguing peels away is I act out my depression cause there's not much to do besides eat and visit family and since I couldn't drive cause of the seizure (ill be able to again in Feb) there was just a lot of sitting and playing video games and napping on the same couch. 

This is the year Ria and I met. She's been in my life since June? And has been a blessing. Though, right now in this moment i don't feel great and would like to wallow. 

Working at FG for the past year has been interesting. Since getting the news of the layoff, I've really been reflecting on things. It's of course holiday limbo that we're slipping out of so it's been slow goings hearing back from people.
I've sent out heaps of applications, reached out personally to my network, and most days wake up scouring linkedin for leads. There's not been a ton of activity on that front cause, again everyone is in holiday hibernation, so I've been trying to improve on my personal practice of patience. It's easy to feel like I'm not doing enough or like things are gonna be bad but I'm really trying to hold in my hands that things will be okay. I'm trying not to panic over what I can't control. I'm trying to give myself grace during this time. It's started to get difficult to get out of bed and apply to more jobs as the prospects get lower and lower down the barrel but even if it takes me til after noon to get out of bed I still try. And even if I can't muster it to work, I at least try to get up for myself, take a walk, treat myself. 
It's not easy but it helps to have Ria by my side. I talk to her about what i'm doing and she keeps me accountable to myself with the forgiveness and grace. 

I don't know whats on the other side of this, which is why writing this is kinda funny. I've only been 3 years out of school and me and Tanvi have been laid off. I think in all my mom's time of work that was never something she had to think about. The generations are so weird and my work is so weird. 
I do know that right now, despite the unknowns, I'm pretty excited about my future after FG. I've always talked about wanting to work on bigger projects with more impact. I've got so much passion and so much to explore and learn in this industry I just can't wait to see where I go. I don't regret my time at FG but this lay off was kind of a blessing. It's a loud message for me to spread my wings and really see whats out there. Not stay comfortable where I know I do good work but am bored doing it. I really don't know where I end up but I'm really hopeful it's somewhere I'll learn a lot. A bonus if it's cool work.

Another unknown that I think about most often than not is my relationship with Ria. We're 5 months in and I'm already seeing a whole future with her. I feel like she's part of my life, that we share our lives together. It feels inevitable the day we move in, the day she meets my mom, the day I meet her parents. It's so easy to see and, not at the same time. I don't know what this year holds for us but I am grateful for the time I've had with her. In the past 5 months she's made me so much better, stronger, confident and kind to myself and others. I consider myself lucky to get the rest of my lifetime with her too. 
She's everything I hope to be and everything I love about the world and she's funny and brings so much light and joy into my everyday. She's been on vacation with her family for the past week or so and I swear, when she tells me she misses me it feels like thunder striking me down. 
In all my time liking and pining and crushing on people, i don't think i would have imagined such a beautiful mutual attraction and care that I have with her. I never would've known this was possible. 

Anyway, given how thanksgiving went my mom and I are stronger. It's not difficult to call her up more often then I used to. I don't dread it and I know how to cope and steer the conversation when it turns into something I don't love. Since the layoff, I havent called as much. But I havent called anyone that much. I want to tell her about it but I don't want her to worry. I feel like I've learned my lesson about how things go with my mom and I with stress with the whole roommate situation this past year. It was hard on our relationship and I don't need or want her to worry. Sometimes her worrying makes me worry. I'll talk to her about it when I'm ready. For now, I don't have the words but I talk to her about other stuff. More micro stuff. 

  I've been on testosterone for maybe 8 months give or take? Theres a couple weeks in there I'd miss doses cause it was hard to refill prescriptions etc. After the initial months of change, I feel like I've settled into my skin. If 2nd puberty now is just the acne, thats super managable. I haven't noticed any other physical changes. I definitely am more confident than I was. It's easy for me to stand my ground and feel like I'm allowed to take up space in the world. I feel less apologetic about existing and taking up space. In fact sometimes I feel my existance should be noticed if it isnt. I haven't really felt the full force of depression this year. Not that I can remember. There's been some feeling low, lots of tiredness but overall I feel like I'm working on being and excepting that I am happy. I have a partner I adore that adores me, my job taught me to be confident in my abilities as a designer, and I still have friendships that keep me safe and supported. 

I really hope you're doing well this year. You really deserve a solid, quiet, ambiently joyful year. And I hope that when you achieve it, whatever that may mean with the job, relationship, life I hope you savor it. Recognize it as it's happening and live in it. 

Thanks for staying strong for another year. I know it isn't always easy. Love you <3!!!
